Zymoth AshBringer Guddra

Zymoth was raised in the estates of Guddra as a sheltered and pampered child. His parents were often busy at government functions that involved much libation but seemed to achieve litte. He was looked after by the house staff until the day he was sent away. While being taken to a class he witnessed an assault between some commoners in an alley, his guardian pulled him away with no regard to the tussle but Zymoth felt a burning urge. He flung out his arms and felt the righteous fire travel along them and blast the mugger away. Straight after, his family sent him to live with his uncle, a high priest of Searis.

Zymoth was swiftly enrolled in the temple programme and began his studies to become an Acolyte of Searis. He developed many friendships with his fellow students, finally having found some peers with the same drive to use their powers. Over the years of study, his natural wild magic was tamed and he learnt to channel and control it.

After years of study secluded in the temple, he graduated to the ranks of an AshBringer and was allowed out into the city to spread the faith. During his time amongst the city, he felt that his ability was not being used to it's full potential to help rid the world of evil. There was parts of the city that were controlled by the criminal element yet the government and temples did nothing to change the status quo. Zymoth realised he had to go out to explore and understand more of society and the world before he could solve it's many problems. With a final glance towards Guddra, he raised his hood and started his journey to Westport.



Zymoth is an AshBringer, an Acolyte of Searis. He is only a few years out of the temple, still learning how best to use his powers but needing the explore the world before understanding what his role in it will be. 

Raised within the temple, he still has some naive and childish notions of the good and evil but those may not last long. Tolerant of all different faiths, he is a firm believe in what he feels is just and the law is somewhat of an afterthought.
